The WebTechGlobal core functions must be suitable to be deployed in any CMS within any plugin for that CMS.
This requires specific naming protocols.

EXAMPLE: csv2post_PHP_SQL_convert_columnstring_to_valuestring()

PART ONE "csv2post"
This is project (plugin/extension) specific. 

PART TWO "PHP" or "WP" or "DRU"
This is specific to the environment. We may eventually use "WPDRU" or "WPphpBB". These would be bridge
functions. In either case the second part to our function naming is the environment. "PHP" is a standard
PHP function applicable to any CMS or website.

PART THREE "SQL" or "STRINGS" or "FILES"
This part helps a lot during development. We use it to narrow down the type of function we are looking for
and part three determines what file a function is placed in. Part three indicates what sort of function we
are dealing with and is often determine by PHP core functions used within the function.
Examples include "STRINGS", "SQL" for MySQL, "ARRAYS", "FILES" and "SECURITY". Feel free to add anymore you feel are
applicable. If a plugin does not strictly fit any in relation to what it does during the function just 
name part three based on the script or function that calls the function being named and go by that functions
purpose.  

PART FOUR "get","update","insert","find","replace","delete","convert"
This part indicates what the function does overall. If this cannot be determined do not include it.

The rest is up to you. By making good use of PART FOUR we can create a group of functions or even a class
that does not require the rest of the function name to be long and so the result is unique function names
that will make sense once you are used to the naming convention. My reason for this approach is my plan to
deploy the core in many CMS and I intend to do a lot of work in briding website CMS, blog CMS and forum
software also. The advantage is that any issues found during the use of any of my released software will 
be reflected in a core used by many software. This is a great strength.

